README.md, before:

# Chutiya Chidiya
### A shitty Flappy Bird clone.

I had nothing to do while downloading Tekken 7 for PC, and a bunch of other
games during Steam Sale this year, 2017. So, to fill the void, I thought I'd
try making a small game in Phaser, which has been on my list of JS game
engines I wanted to play with for quite some time.

Sound design - courtesy of my roommates.

All image/sprite assets are from [Open Game Art](http://opengameart.com), specifically
[Bevouliin](http://bevouliin.com).

All sound assets are from [Free Sound](http://freesound.org).

If you need a tutorial for Flappy Bird, [LessMilk](http://www.lessmilk.com/tutorial/flappy-bird-phaser-1)
has a great three-part series on starting out with Phaser by creating a Flappy Bird clone.
The author also wrote the 'Discover Phaser' ebook.

Here's a bunch of screenshots because I can't write this README anymore.

![Menu Screen](http://i.imgur.com/ATDNWHm.png)

![Play Screen](http://i.imgur.com/3pplLIW.png)

![Score Screen](http://i.imgur.com/47AEPGh.png)


Also, works decently well on other screen sizes as well, although I've only tested
on my phone and my roommate's tab.

Commit message:

Added live link to README.

README.md, after:

# Chutiya Chidiya
### A shitty Flappy Bird clone.


You can play it live [HERE](http://fatpixels.me/games/ChutiyaChidiya/chutiyachidiya.html) on my blog.

I had nothing to do while downloading Tekken 7 for PC, and a bunch of other
games during Steam Sale this year, 2017. So, to fill the void, I thought I'd
try making a small game in Phaser, which has been on my list of JS game
engines I wanted to play with for quite some time.

Sound design - courtesy of my roommates.

All image/sprite assets are from [Open Game Art](http://opengameart.com), specifically
[Bevouliin](http://bevouliin.com).

All sound assets are from [Free Sound](http://freesound.org).

If you need a tutorial for Flappy Bird, [LessMilk](http://www.lessmilk.com/tutorial/flappy-bird-phaser-1)
has a great three-part series on starting out with Phaser by creating a Flappy Bird clone.
The author also wrote the 'Discover Phaser' ebook.

Here's a bunch of screenshots because I can't write this README anymore.

![Menu Screen](http://i.imgur.com/ATDNWHm.png)

![Play Screen](http://i.imgur.com/3pplLIW.png)

![Score Screen](http://i.imgur.com/47AEPGh.png)


Also, works decently well on other screen sizes as well, although I've only tested
on my phone and my roommate's tab.
